[Pages] Deploy a static WP site (#6543)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/pages/how-to/deploy-a-wordpress-site.md

1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com).
2. Go to **Pages** > **Create a project** > **Direct Upload**.
3. Name your project > **Create project**.
4. Drag and drop your ZIP file or select it from your computer.
5. After your files have been uploaded, select **Deploy site**.

Your WordPress site will now be live on Pages. 

Every time you make a change to your WordPress site, you will need to download a new ZIP file from the WordPress dashboard and redeploy to Cloudflare Pages. Automatic updates are not available with the free version of Simply Static.

## Limitations

There are some features available in WordPress sites that will not be supported in a static site environment:

- WordPress Forms.
- WordPress Comments.
- Any links to `/wp-admin` or similar internal WordPress routes.

## Conclusion

By following this guide, you have successfully deployed a static version of your WordPress site to Cloudflare Pages.

With a static version of your site being served, you can:

- Move your WordPress site a custom domain or subdomain. Refer to [Custom domains](/pages/platform/custom-domains/) to learn more.

> - Run your WordPress instance locally, or put your WordPress site behind [Cloudflare Access](/pages/platform/preview-deployments/#customizing-preview-deployments-access) to only give access to your contributors. This has a significant effect on the number of attack vectors for your WordPress site and its content.

Reviewer: this is about the WP instance so we want to link into the Access docs
```suggestion
- Run your WordPress instance locally, or put your WordPress site behind [Cloudflare Access](/cloudflare-one/applications/configure-apps/self-hosted-apps/) to only give access to your contributors. This has a significant effect on the number of attack vectors for your WordPress site and its content.
```
no idea what page is best, this seemed like the most appropriate place.
